---
title: Fuze week 7
layout: post
author: rory.davies
permalink: /fuze-week-7/
source-id: 19Fv1CtwltOSiiZWKDgaUD080KL-JZBQUEQIS8n3c7SE
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Fuze week 7</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>18/10/16</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>P44 in the booklet</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To move further on in the booklet</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes we were very successful </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>In today's lesson we used a bit of competition to help us try to get going fast and try to catch up to the group next to us. Although we didn't catch up to them it really just helped us move on in the booklet. We learnt a couple of new things in the booklet and did some cool coding activités including the number guesser which was a bit of a struggle but we were eventually able to get it to work.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I feel that last lesson time wasn't on our side as we had a couple of random moments where  our monitor kept turning of which was just a big pain to have to keep dealing with over and over but we were soon able to fix this towards the end of the lesson which really helped us save time fixing this Small little problem.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time we will improve on coping exactly from the booklet as too many times we have had to look back at all of our coding to try and find one tiny mistake which with that mistake won't let the coding work to its full potential or even at all. But the main problem about this is the time it wastes searching for a couple of minutes for a very simple mistake that could have been in altered in a matter of seconds. So in the next lesson we will try to be as exact as we possibly can </td>
  </tr>
</table>


